Junior Brother Ye is practicing again
You are so hardworking
He Senior Brother Ye Junior Brother
Go and pat with senior brother, you will see and see
What will the pat be?
This auction?
He is an inner court disciple of several surrounding major sects
Self-initiated assembly
Among them, there are various cultivation resources
There are even some precious pills
There are even some magic weapons
Brother, you said so
I got interested
But all my resources are used for cultivation
I'm afraid I don't have the money to buy anything.
Why don't I go?
That's a big deal
Can you still get your junior brother to pay if you go with your senior brother?
Wait until the auction?
Just pick one.
It will be regarded as a gift from senior brother to you
How embarrassing is that?
Brother, you take good care of my sister
How can I still take your stuff?
Okay, why are you being polite to me?
Let's roll like a family
Okay, don't worry about yours and mine.
Listen to your brother
Pack up and let's go
Junior Brother Ye, Junior Brother Ye
Don't blame me for being cruel
Blame yourself